PREFACE

THE chief purpose of these selections from Livy is to
give to college students a better appreciation of the genius
and versatility of the historian than can be gained lrom
’ the reading of a single book or of several books treat-
ing a single period. There is also a historica] purpose.
Chapters have been selected which treat the most impor-
tant periods or events in the history of Rome which are
covered by the remains oi Livy's work. These have been
found to be in general the most interesting as well as the
most significant. It has been thought advisable to include
only passages of some length-that is, of several chap· .
tera—giving a complete account of a single period or
event, and many isolated chapters of considerable interest
have therefore been omitted. ’

The text is that of Weissenborn, revised in part by M.
Mueller, with somewbat numerous changes based upon a
consideration of the manuscript readings and the sugges·
tions of recent editors and commentators. The introduc-
tion is little more than abrici statement of facts, which
every student should have in mind while heis reading Livy.
The notes are intended to give such assistance and infor-
mation as the student will find necessary in his inde-
pendent reading of the text. In the belief that long notes
containing a superabundance of illustrative material are
often a source of conlusion, brevity has always been

5
suadas

 

